Anita Yakobchuk
Analysis

In this lab, I implemented the search linked list and sesrch array functions.
Both were easy to implement but I was having problems with the dynamic arrays
search function because I had more if conditions than needed so I simplified
it to have one if statement that checked if the strings were equal and keep
traversing but if it doesn't find the word then it exits the loop and returns
NULL. It didn't work at first because I needed to have the bracket and index
when I was referencing the payload parameter. When I tested the code with 
TestSearch and engWords.txt it worked. I made the Makefile and it was 
difficult to understand the dependencies for the mem and test options. I
changed a lot of terms into variables like text files and the searchword
so that I could easily change it to test for different cases. I only had PHONY
for mem and clean at first but then realized I needed it for mem, clean, all
and help. Wherever I had a source file I changed it to use the $*.c symbol
instead to make it shorter. I tested the functionality of my Makefile and
each command worked except make mem. I went and tried changing it to search
through a smaller file instead of engWords.txt because I knew that it worked
since I already tested it with a few words. The problem was the way my 
realloc in the DynamicArrays code specifically in the PushToDarray function
because I realized I was reallocing by an exponential amount. In my realloc
it would multiply by the MAX_BUFF_LEN each time it needed to realloc which
made the program really slow because each realloc was done by an exponential
amount. I altered it by making it the same as my malloc which is what I 
should've initially done. I made it multiply by the size of data and the 
capacity. This made the program run faster and successfully run the make mem
commmand. It ran for just under 5 minutes and printed the valgrind output to
the corresponding text file. In the Makefile I also included the cat command
in front of the text file name so that it would show the contents of the file
right after it's done executing the command. 
I gained knowledge about making code more efficient to run faster and about 
Makefile dependencies. 
